Add seed restore until section and remove 5.x seed provider info (#2002)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/clustering/databases.adoc

The `URLConnectionSeedProvider` supports the following:

> ** `file:` label:deprecated[Deprecated in 5.26]

Reviewer: Does it mean that support for `file` is removed? If so, in which Neo4j and Cypher versions?

Author: From Neo4j 2025.01 `file` is supported only with the `FileSeedProvider`. This is true for both Cypher 5 and Cypher 25.

** `http:`
** `https:`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Starting from Neo4j 2025.01, the `URLConnectionSeedProvider` does not support `file` any longer.
// This is true for both Cypher 5 and Cypher 25.
```

The `URLConnectionSeedProvider` supports the following:

** `ftp:`
** `http:`
** `https:`

Starting from Neo4j 2025.01, the `URLConnectionSeedProvider` does not support `file`.

> // This is true for both Cypher 5 and Cypher 25.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// This is true for both Cypher 5 and Cypher 25.

```

======
=====

> [[s3-seed-provider]]

Reviewer: the same question. Is this option removed? In which Neo4j and Cypher versions?

Author: From Neo4j 2025.01 `s3` is supported only with the `CloudSeedProvider`. This is true for both Cypher 5 and Cypher 25 running on 2025.01. 

However, in theory it would work if a user run Cypher 5 on 2025.01 and used the `S3SeedProvider` but it is not the approach we want to encourage.

Reviewer 2: Suggested change to the setting description to capture this: https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j/pull/28957

==== Seed up to a specific date

> In order to seed up to a specific date you need to pass the differential backup that contains the data up to that date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To seed up to a specific date, you need to pass the differential backup, which contains the data up to that date.
```
```suggestion
To seed up to a specific date, you need to pass the differential backup that contains the data up to that date.
```

======
=====

The `CloudSeedProvider` supports seeding up to a specific date or transaction ID using the `seedRestoreUntil` option.

==== Seed up to a specific date

To seed up to a specific date, you need to pass the differential backup, which contains the data up to that date.

> ** `s3:` label:deprecated[Deprecated in 5.26]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

======
=====

The `CloudSeedProvider` supports seeding up to a specific date or transaction ID using the `seedRestoreUntil` option.

==== Seed up to a specific date

To seed up to a specific date, you need to pass the differential backup, which contains the data up to that date.

[source,shell]
----
CREATE DATABASE foo OPTIONS { existingData: 'use', seedURI: 's3:/myBucket/myBackup.backup', seedRestoreUntil: datetime("2019-06-01T18:40:32.142+0100") }
----

> This will seed the database with transactions committed before the provided timestamp.

Reviewer 2: The 'seed up to date' functionality is not properly present in 2025.01, so this section needs to be removed. It works to seed up to a transaction id, but Cypher Operations need to make a change to allow creating a datetime with `system` as the current database to make this work nicely.

Reviewer 2: Wait, late breaking news, they merged the change before cut-off! https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j/pull/28684

So this section about restore until datetime should remain in the doc.

Reviewer 2: It is also available in Cypher 5, yes.

Reviewer 2: Confirmed, available in Cypher 5.

======
=====

The `CloudSeedProvider` supports seeding up to a specific date or transaction ID using the `seedRestoreUntil` option.

==== Seed up to a specific date

To seed up to a specific date, you need to pass the differential backup, which contains the data up to that date.

[source,shell]
----
CREATE DATABASE foo OPTIONS { existingData: 'use', seedURI: 's3:/myBucket/myBackup.backup', seedRestoreUntil: datetime("2019-06-01T18:40:32.142+0100") }
----

This will seed the database with transactions committed before the provided timestamp.

==== Seed up to a specific transaction ID

To seed up to a specific transaction ID, you need to pass the differential backup that contains the data up to that transaction ID.

[source,shell]
----
CREATE DATABASE foo OPTIONS { existingData: 'use', seedURI: 's3:/myBucket/myBackup.backup', seedRestoreUntil: 123 }
----

This will seed the database with transactions up to, but not including transaction 123.

[role=label--deprecated]
[[s3-seed-provider]]
==== S3SeedProvider

// When Cypher 25 is released, we have to label this section 'Cypher 5' as this functionality is only available in Cypher 5.

The `S3SeedProvider` supports:

> ** `s3:` label:deprecated[Deprecated in 5.26]

Reviewer 2: I think this should still be marked as deprecated. Use of the `S3SeedProvider` _is_ deprecated, we want everyone to use `CloudSeedProvider`, but if they are already using the `S3SeedProvider`, and want to stick with it to be able to pass in different credentials, the docs need to allow them to with the deprecation warning, until Cypher 5 goes away.

> ** `s3:`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `s3:` label:deprecated[Deprecated in 5.26]
```

| URI example

| `file:`

> | `URLConnectionSeedProvider` label:deprecated[Deprecated in 5.26], +

Reviewer: removed?

Author: The `URLConnectionSeedProvider` remains in 2025.01 but only supports `http`, `ftp` and `https` now.

| URI example

| `file:`
| `FileSeedProvider` +

> `URLConnectionSeedProvider` label:deprecated[Deprecated in 5.26]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
